NMS-13344 documentation typos (#3452)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/operation/pages/elasticsearch/introduction.adoc

| false

| defaultMaxTotalConnectionPerRoute
| Sets the default maximum connections per route.
  If a negative value is given, the value is ignored.
| optional
| `<available processors> * 2`

| maxTotalConnection
| Sets the default maximum total connections.
  If a negative value is given, the value is ignored.
| optional
| `<max connections per route> * 3`

| nodeDiscovery
| Enable/disable node discovery.
  Valid values are `true\|false`.
| optional
| `false`

| nodeDiscoveryFrequency

> | Defines the frequency, in seconds, in which the nodes are re-discovered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Defines the frequency, in seconds, in which the nodes are rediscovered.
```

| -

| settings.index.routing_partition_size

> | The number of shards a custom routing value can go to. Refer to link:https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/index-modules.html#index-modules-setting[Elasticsearch Reference -> Index Modules] for more details.

Reviewer: Move "Refer to ..." to a new line.
